Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture will create the test field, so the users are going to be able to log in.
Now they are going to have to test field, that is the email and the password.
So users are going to be able to log in using the email and password.
Okay.
Now, if your system is showing that line, what you can simply do is to use control and as to see if
that is going to go up.
Okay.
Now over.
This body is going to remove this.
Okay.
This is going to be a container.
Now, all of which is going to be displayed from top to bottom, that is vertically.
So they're going to be using a widget called color.
Okay.
This is going to take multiple turns.
So it has to.
To drain property.
Okay, now what you can see.
We can see a test.
If you'd like.
Now we're going to see a declaration that's going to be imputes.
Decoration.
Right.
Okay.
I'm going to have to.
There's going to have to be a first rate policy outline.
At Line Imputes.
Okay, sir, I'm going to give you whatever dosages you can see.
Border with the US.
Border with us.
That's circular.
We want to look now as well outside the outline if we can have the interest.
You can see test.
Let's say I didn't hear you come all the way.
You can see.
Email.
Okay.
Which I guess is who?
Go check it out.
Okay.
This is the way.
As well, although I do still feel we can have other that as food a reason to give it in a coma there.
Okay.
It is going to be test food again for the sake of my strength.
I love doing this from scratch.
Okay.
It is going to be decoration is going to be imputes.
The Christian right.
Okay.
So they're going to have to put the outline in border.
So give it border.
Whatever does is going to be the.
What I would use that circle of 20 as well.
Okay.
I'm going to have to try to call my attitude.
Colleagues control this disease.
Okay.
Good.
Now I'll say the other line, but we can see.
It's just.
Again.
So this is going to be.
Password.
Okay.
Now we'll take as we'll see.
We can give the preface.
I call you can see icon widgets.
It's going to be icons that.
Email.
Okay.
District.
Chile, Colombia.
Okay.
You're going to do the same thing.
So I got to see Patrice Icon.
There's going to be icon.
Then icons that look.
Okay.
Good.
Critical critical analysis of.
Okay.
Go check it out.
It is it.
You know what you can do?
We can.
Over here.
We can see alignment.
We want it to be centered element.
The center.
Okay.
Now let's see what it does.
Let's do this.
You know what you can do over here?
Over the caller you can see us is alignment.
With us is alignment.
Dos Santos is going to take you to the center vertically.
Okay, great.
Now you can see we don't have any space, so we're going to give you some padding.
So over this container, you can just see a in edge.
They said that all or probably 20 that all sides.
Okay.
It's going to be okay.
Great.
Now we're going to give you space between the email and the password.
So now what you can't do?
Whether you're a really good sized boss.
Size looks or are given this harden now given the space vertically right so there's going to be heights
of only 15.
Okay.
Go check it out.
I think that is going to give.
Explain to.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
So you can see how easy it is, right?
Okay, guys, send in the.